README.md, before:

# Algore

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

added instructions for deployment with gh-pages

README.md, after:

# Algore

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Deploy and host using GitHub Pages

1. Run `ng add angular-cli-ghpages` from the root directory of your project to install angular-cli-ghpages
2. Commit all changes to the remote branch
3. Run `ng deploy --base-href=/algore/` to deploy your project to GitHub pages with all default settings. Your project will be automatically built in production mode. The built code will uploaded into separate branch called gh-pages.
4. That's it, after 10-30 sec your site should be published at https://elenalenaelena.github.io/algore/.

For detailed instructions, see:  https://efficientuser.com/2021/03/04/how-to-deploy-angular-app-on-github-pages-for-free/

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
